Please read the following terms and conditions carefully before using this video game. Your use, distribution or installation of this copy of "Luminous Stand-off" indicates your acceptance of this License.
video game here means Software, image files, all accompanying files, data and materials received with your order of "Luminous Stand-off".

If you do not agree to any of the terms of this License, then do not install, distribute or use the video game. If you have purchased a single copy from DISCO DEVS or an authorized distributor, reseller or any retail channel, you may return it unused, within thirty (30) days after purchase, for a refund of your payment less any incidental charges. The 30-day warrantee is applicable only to products bought within AUSTRALIA. Products downloaded to or shipped out of AUSTRALIA are strictly non-refundable.
Warrantee covers defects in the software, which prevents successfully installing the software in the buyer's PC. Warrantee does not cover fitness of purpose, not meeting of expectations or needs in the mind of the buyer.

This video game is for personal use only and may be installed and used by on only one computer. Its component parts may not be separated for use on more than one computer. video game may be accessed through a network only after obtaining a site license. All components accompanying the software are copyrighted by DISCO DEVS and may not be taken apart, modified, used or published with other software or means except with the video game software and may not be distributed or copied in any manner.
This video game, all accompanying files, data and materials, are distributed "AS IS" and with no warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. The user must assume all risk of using the program. This disclaimer of warranty constitutes an essential part of the agreement.

Any liability of DISCO DEVS will be limited exclusively to refund of purchase price. In addition, in no event shall DISCO DEVS, or its principals, shareholders, officers, employees, affiliates, contractors, subsidiaries, or parent organizations, be liable for any incidental, consequential, punitive or any other damages whatsoever relating to the use of video game.

In addition, in no event does DISCO DEVS authorize you to use this video game in applications or systems where video game 's failure to perform can reasonably be expected to result in a physical injury, or in loss of life. Any such use by you is entirely at your own risk, and you agree to hold DISCO DEVS harmless from any claims or losses relating to such unauthorized use.

This Agreement constitutes the entire statement of the Agreement between the parties on the subject matter, and merges and supersedes all other or prior understandings, purchase orders, agreements and arrangements. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of AUSTRALIA OR state.

DISCO DEVS the owner of the copyright of this video game, all of its derivatives, title and accompanying materials are the exclusive property of DISCO DEVS. All rights of any kind, which are not expressly granted in this License, are entirely and exclusively reserved to and by DISCO DEVS. You may not rent, lease, transfer, modify, translate, reverse engineer, de-compile, disassemble or create derivative works based on this video game. You may not make access to video game available to others in connection with a service bureau, application service provider, or similar business, or use this video game in a business to provide file compression, decompression, or conversion services to others. There are no third party beneficiaries of any promises, obligations or representations made by DISCO DEVS herein.

You may not disclose to other persons the data or techniques relating to this video game that you know or should know that it is a trade secret of the [DISCO DEVS] in any manner that will cause damage to DISCO DEVS.
This video game and all services provided may be used for lawful purposes only.

Transmission, storage, or presentation of any information, data or material in violation of any AUSTRALIA, State or City law is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: copyrighted material, material we judge to be threatening or obscene, or material protected by trade secret and other statute. You agree to indemnify and hold DISCO DEVS harmless from any claims resulting from the use of this video game, which may damage any other party.
